= Introduction =
Formatting dates is a complex, locale sensitive operation.

== Intl vs. v8Intl ==
You can use both Intl and v8Intl global objects for now, but our plan is to remove support for v8Intl in the future.

== Settings ==
!DateTimeFormat constructor accepts optional locale array and optional settings object.<br>
Settings object and valid values for all the keys:
{{{
weekday: {'narrow', 'short', 'long'}
era: {'narrow', 'short', 'long'}
year: {'2-digit', 'numeric'}
month: {'2-digit', 'numeric', 'narrow', 'short', 'long'}
day: {'2-digit', 'numeric'}
hour: {'2-digit', 'numeric'}
minute: {'2-digit', 'numeric'}
second: {'2-digit', 'numeric'}
timeZoneName: {'short', 'long'}
tz: {undefined, 'UTC'}  // Undefined represents local time zone.
hour12: {true/false}  // Use 12 or 24h format.
}}}

Other formatting properties can be passed using Unicode extensions:
{{{
Key    Property            Type       Values
ca     calendar            "string"   "gregory", ...
nu     numberingSystem     "string"   "thai", ...
}}}

== Default locale ==
The safest approach is to specify target locale and check if it was available through resolvedOptions method.

== Default settings ==
{{{
day: 'numeric'
month: 'numeric'
year: 'numeric'
}}}

Other options are locale specific. For example, hour12 is set by locale to either true or false.

== Methods ==
{{{
/**
 * Returns a string that represents dateValue given the pattern and
 * locale data.
 */
format(dateValue)

/**
 * This method is not part of the ECMAScript 402 specification, and it
 * can change in the future.
 * Returns Date object that represents dateString, or
 * undefined in case of failure.
 */
v8Parse(dateString) 
}}}

== Time zone handling ==
Our implementation supports additional time zones, besides 'UTC' and undefined (local). One can use IANA time zone names, like 'America/Los_Angeles', 'Etc/GMT'...

If unsupported zone was specified, DateTimeFormat constructor will throw RangeError exception.

== !DateTimeFormat with default locale and settings ==
{{{
var dtf = Intl.DateTimeFormat();
dtf.format();  // Returns a string representing now().
}}}

== !DateTimeFormat with user locale and default settings ==
{{{
var dtf = Intl.DateTimeFormat(['sr-rs', 'fr-CA', 'de-de']);
dtf.format();
}}}

== !DateTimeFormat with user locale and settings ==
{{{
var dtf = Intl.DateTimeFormat(['sr-rs', 'fr-CA', 'de-de'], {hour:'2-digit', minute:'2-digit'});
dtf.format(new Date(1974, 7, 29, 12, 15, 0));
}}}

== !DateTimeFormat with default locale and user settings ==
{{{
var dtf = Intl.DateTimeFormat([], {hour:'2-digit', minute:'2-digit'});
dtf.format(new Date(1974, 7, 29, 12, 15, 0));
}}}

== !DateTimeFormat with user locale and Unicode extension ==
{{{
var dtf = Intl.DateTimeFormat(['th-u-nu-thai']);
dtf.format();
}}}

== !DateTimeFormat used for parsing ==
{{{
var dtf = Intl.DateTimeFormat(['en']);
dtf.parse('4/5/74');
}}}